<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Vimperator Help: Introduction</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../content/help.css" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
<h1>Options</h1>

Options are beaaaaautiful, but read the
<a href="introduction.xhtml">introduction</a>
first.

<script language="JavaScript" type="text/javascript">
 <![CDATA[
	document.write("<b>Hello World!</b>");
    ]]>
 </script>


<h2 id="options">Options</h2><table class="vimperator options">

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'activate'</code><br/><code>'act'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Define when tabs are automatically activated</span><br/>stringlist (default: homepage,quickmark,tabopen,paste)<br/><br/>Available items:<br/><ul><li><b>homepage</b>:  <code class="mapping">gH</code> mapping</li><li><b>quickmark</b>: <code class="mapping">go</code> and <code class="mapping">gn</code> mappings</li><li><b>tabopen</b>:   <code class="command">:tabopen[!]</code> command</li><li><b>paste</b>:     <code class="mapping">P</code> and <code class="mapping">gP</code> mappings</li></ul><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'activate'</code><br/><code class="tag">'act'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'complete'</code><br/><code>'cpt'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Items which are completed at the :[tab]open prompt</span><br/>charlist (default: sfbh)<br/><br/>Available items:<br/><ul><li><b>s</b>: Search engines and keyword URLs</li><li><b>f</b>: Local files</li><li><b>b</b>: Bookmarks</li><li><b>h</b>: History</li></ul>The order is important, so <code class="command">:set complete=bs</code> would list bookmarks first, and then any available quick searches.<br/>Add <code class="option">'sort'</code> to the <code class="option">'wildoptions'</code> option if you want all entries sorted.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'complete'</code><br/><code class="tag">'cpt'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'defsearch'</code><br/><code>'ds'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Set the default search engine</span><br/>string (default: google)<br/><br/>The default search engine is used in the <code class="command">:[tab]open [arg]</code> command if [arg] neither looks like a URL or like a specified search engine/keyword.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'defsearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'ds'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'editor'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Set the external text editor</span><br/>string (default: gvim -f)<br/><br/>Sets the editor to run when <code class="mapping">&lt;C-i&gt;</code> is pressed in INSERT and TEXTAREA modes. Note that Vimperator will not behave correctly if the editor forks its own process, such as with gvim without the -f argument.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'editor'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'extendedhinttags'</code><br/><code>'eht'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">XPath string of hintable elements activated by ';'</span><br/>string (default: //*[@onclick or @onmouseover or @onmousedown or @onmouseup or @oncommand or @class='lk' or @class='s'] | //input[not(@type='hidden')] | //a | //area | //iframe | //textarea | //button | //select | //xhtml:*[@onclick or @onmouseover or @onmousedown or @onmouseup or @oncommand or @class='lk' or @class='s'] | //xhtml:input[not(@type='hidden')] | //xhtml:a | //xhtml:area | //xhtml:iframe | //xhtml:textarea | //xhtml:button | //xhtml:select)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'extendedhinttags'</code><br/><code class="tag">'eht'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'focusedhintstyle'</code><br/><code>'fhs'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">CSS specification of focused hints</span><br/>string (default: z-index:5000; font-family:monospace; font-size:12px; color:ButtonText; background-color:ButtonShadow; border-color:ButtonShadow; border-width:1px; border-style:solid; padding:0px 1px 0px 1px; position:absolute;)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'focusedhintstyle'</code><br/><code class="tag">'fhs'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'fullscreen'</code><br/><code>'fs'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show the current window fullscreen</span><br/>boolean (default: off)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'fullscreen'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nofullscreen'</code><br/><code class="tag">'fs'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nofs'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'guioptions'</code><br/><code>'go'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show or hide the menu, toolbar and scrollbars</span><br/>charlist (default: '')<br/><br/>Supported characters:<br/><ul><li><b>m</b>: menubar</li><li><b>T</b>: toolbar</li><li><b>b</b>: bookmark bar</li></ul>You can also hide the tab bar with <code class='command'>:set showtabline=0</code>.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'guioptions'</code><br/><code class="tag">'go'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'hinttimeout'</code><br/><code>'hto'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Automatically follow non unique numerical hint after {arg} ms</span><br/>number (default: 0)<br/><br/>Set to 0 (the default) to only follow numeric hints after pressing &lt;Return&gt; or when the hint is unique.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'hinttimeout'</code><br/><code class="tag">'hto'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'hintstyle'</code><br/><code>'hs'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">CSS specification of unfocused hints</span><br/>string (default: z-index:5000; font-family:monospace; font-size:12px; color:white; background-color:red; border-color:ButtonShadow; border-width:0px; border-style:solid; padding:0px 1px 0px 1px; position:absolute;)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'hintstyle'</code><br/><code class="tag">'hs'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'hinttags'</code><br/><code>'ht'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">XPath string of hintable elements activated by <code class="mapping">'f'</code> and <code class="mapping">'F'</code></span><br/>string (default: //*[@onclick or @onmouseover or @onmousedown or @onmouseup or @oncommand or @class='lk' or @class='s'] | //input[not(@type='hidden')] | //a | //area | //iframe | //textarea | //button | //select | //xhtml:*[@onclick or @onmouseover or @onmousedown or @onmouseup or @oncommand or @class='lk' or @class='s'] | //xhtml:input[not(@type='hidden')] | //xhtml:a | //xhtml:area | //xhtml:iframe | //xhtml:textarea | //xhtml:button | //xhtml:select)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'hinttags'</code><br/><code class="tag">'ht'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'history'</code><br/><code>'hi'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Number of Ex commands and search patterns to store in the commandline history</span><br/>number (default: 500)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'history'</code><br/><code class="tag">'hi'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'hlsearch'</code><br/><code>'hls'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Highlight previous search pattern matches</span><br/>boolean (default: off)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'hlsearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nohlsearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'hls'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nohls'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'hlsearchstyle'</code><br/><code>'hlss'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">CSS specification of highlighted search items</span><br/>string (default: color: black; background-color: yellow; padding: 0; display: inline;)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'hlsearchstyle'</code><br/><code class="tag">'hlss'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'ignorecase'</code><br/><code>'ic'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Ignore case in search patterns</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'ignorecase'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noignorecase'</code><br/><code class="tag">'ic'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noic'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'incsearch'</code><br/><code>'is'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show where the search pattern matches as it is typed</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/>NOTE: Incremental searching currently only works in the forward direction.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'incsearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noincsearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'is'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nois'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'insertmode'</code><br/><code>'im'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Use Insert mode as the default for text areas</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/>Makes Vimperator work in a way that Insert mode is the default mode for text areas. Useful if you want to use Vimperator as a modeless editor, keeping the known Firefox interface for editing text areas.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'insertmode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noinsertmode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'im'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noim'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'laststatus'</code><br/><code>'ls'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show the status line</span><br/>number (default: 2)<br/><br/>Determines when the last window will have a status line. Possible values:<br/><ul><li><b>0</b>: never</li><li><b>1</b>: only if there are multiple windows</li><li><b>2</b>: always</li></ul>NOTE: laststatus=1 not implemented yet.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'laststatus'</code><br/><code class="tag">'ls'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'linksearch'</code><br/><code>'lks'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Limit the search to hyperlink text</span><br/>boolean (default: off)<br/><br/>This includes (X)HTML elements with an "href" atrribute and XLink "simple" links.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'linksearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nolinksearch'</code><br/><code class="tag">'lks'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nolks'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'more'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Pause the message list window when more than one screen of listings is displayed</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'more'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nomore'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'nextpattern'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Patterns to use when guessing the 'next' page in a document sequence</span><br/>stringlist (default: \bnext,^&gt;$,^(&gt;&gt;|»)$,^(&gt;|»),(&gt;|»)$)<br/><br/>Each pattern, in order, is matched against all links in the page with the first match being used.<br/>The patterns are case insensitive regular expressions.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'nextpattern'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'pageinfo'</code><br/><code>'pa'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Desired info on :pa[geinfo]</span><br/>charlist (default: gfm)<br/><br/>Available items:<br/><ul><li><b>g</b>: general info</li><li><b>f</b>: feeds</li><li><b>m</b>: meta tags</li></ul>The order matters<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'pageinfo'</code><br/><code class="tag">'pa'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'popups'</code><br/><code>'pps'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Where to show requested popup windows</span><br/>number (default: 1)<br/><br/>Define where to show requested popup windows. Does not apply to windows which are opened by middle clicking a link, they always open in a new tab. Possible values:<br/><ul><li><b>0</b>: Force to open in the current tab (NOTE: this can stop some web sites from working correctly!)</li><li><b>1</b>: Always open in a new tab</li><li><b>2</b>: Open in a new window if it has a specific requested size (default in Firefox)</li><li><b>3</b>: Always open in a new window</li></ul>NOTE: This option does not change the popup blocker of Firefox in any way.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'popups'</code><br/><code class="tag">'pps'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'preload'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Speed up first time history/bookmark completion</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/>History access can be quite slow for a large history. Vimperator maintains a cache to speed it up significantly on subsequent access.<br/>In order to also speed up first time access, it is cached at startup, if this option is set (recommended).<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'preload'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nopreload'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'previewheight'</code><br/><code>'pvh'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Default height for preview window</span><br/>number (default: 10)<br/><br/>Value must be between 1 and 50. If the value is too high, completions may cover the command-line. Close the preview window with <code class="command">:pclose</code>.<br/>NOTE: Option currently disabled<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'previewheight'</code><br/><code class="tag">'pvh'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'previouspattern'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Patterns to use when guessing the 'previous' page in a document sequence</span><br/>stringlist (default: \bprev|previous\b,^&lt;$,^(&lt;&lt;|«)$,^(&lt;|«),(&lt;|«)$)<br/><br/>Each pattern, in order, is matched against all links in the page with the first match being used.<br/>The patterns are case insensitive regular expressions.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'previouspattern'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'scroll'</code><br/><code>'scr'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Number of lines to scroll with <code class="mapping">C-u</code> and <code class="mapping">C-d</code> commands</span><br/>number (default: 0)<br/><br/>The number of lines scrolled defaults to half the window size. When a <code class="argument">{count}</code> is specified to the <code class="mapping">&lt;C-u&gt;</code> or <code class="mapping">&lt;C-d&gt;</code> commands this is used to set the value of <code class="option">'scroll'</code> and also used for the current command. The value can be reset to half the window height with <code class="command">:set scroll=0</code>.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'scroll'</code><br/><code class="tag">'scr'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'showmode'</code><br/><code>'smd'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show the current mode in the command line</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'showmode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noshowmode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'smd'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nosmd'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'showstatuslinks'</code><br/><code>'ssli'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show the destination of the link under the cursor in the status bar</span><br/>number (default: 1)<br/><br/>Also links which are focused by keyboard commands like <code class="mapping">&lt;Tab&gt;</code> are shown. Possible values:<br/><ul><li><b>0</b>: Don't show link destination</li><li><b>1</b>: Show the link in the status line</li><li><b>2</b>: Show the link in the command line</li></ul><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'showstatuslinks'</code><br/><code class="tag">'ssli'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'showtabline'</code><br/><code>'stal'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Control when to show the tab bar of opened web pages</span><br/>number (default: 2)<br/><br/>Possible values:<br/><ul><li><b>0</b>: Never show tab bar</li><li><b>1</b>: Show tab bar only if more than one tab is open</li><li><b>2</b>: Always show tab bar</li></ul><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'showtabline'</code><br/><code class="tag">'stal'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'smartcase'</code><br/><code>'scs'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Override the 'ignorecase' option if the pattern contains uppercase characters</span><br/>boolean (default: on)<br/><br/>This is only used if the <code class="option">'ignorecase'</code> option is set.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'smartcase'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nosmartcase'</code><br/><code class="tag">'scs'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noscs'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'titlestring'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Change the title of the browser window</span><br/>string (default: Vimperator)<br/><br/>Vimperator changes the browser title from "Title of web page - Mozilla Firefox" to "Title of web page - Vimperator".<br/>If you don't like that, you can restore it with: <code class="command">:set titlestring=Mozilla Firefox</code>.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'titlestring'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'usermode'</code><br/><code>'um'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Show current website with a minimal style sheet to make it easily accessible</span><br/>boolean (default: off)<br/><br/>Note that this is a local option for now, later it may be split into a global and <code class="command">:setlocal</code> part<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'usermode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'nousermode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'um'</code><br/><code class="tag">'noum'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'verbose'</code><br/><code>'vbs'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Define which type of messages are logged</span><br/>number (default: 0)<br/><br/>When bigger than zero, Vimperator will give messages about what it is doing. They are printed to the error console which can be shown with <code class="command">:javascript!</code>.<br/>The highest value is 9, being the most verbose mode.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'verbose'</code><br/><code class="tag">'vbs'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>
<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'visualbell'</code><br/><code>'vb'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Use visual bell instead of beeping on errors</span><br/>boolean (default: off)<br/><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'visualbell'</code><br/><code class="tag">'novisualbell'</code><br/><code class="tag">'vb'</code><br/><code class="tag">'novb'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'wildmode'</code><br/><code>'wim'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Define how command line completion works</span><br/>stringlist (default: list:full)<br/><br/>It is a comma-separated list of parts, where each part specifies what to do for each consecutive use of the completion key. The first part specifies the behavior for the first use of the completion key, the second part for the second use, etc.<br/>These are the possible values for each part:<br/><table><tr><td><b>''</b></td><td>Complete only the first match</td></tr><tr><td><b>'full'</b></td><td>Complete the next full match. After the last, the original string is used.</td></tr><tr><td><b>'longest'</b></td><td>Complete till the longest common string.</td></tr><tr><td><b>'list'</b></td><td>When more than one match, list all matches.</td></tr><tr><td><b>'list:full'</b></td><td>When more than one match, list all matches and complete first match.</td></tr><tr><td><b>'list:longest'</b></td><td>When more than one match, list all matches and complete till the longest common string.</td></tr></table>When there is only a single match, it is fully completed regardless of the case.<br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'wildmode'</code><br/><code class="tag">'wim'</code><br/></td></tr><tr class="separator"><td colspan="3"><hr/></td></tr>

<tr class="description"><td class="usage" valign="top"><code>'wildoptions'</code><br/><code>'wop'</code><br/></td><td valign="top"><span class="shorthelp">Change how command line completion is done</span><br/>stringlist (default: '')<br/><br/>A list of words that change how command line completion is done.<br/>Currently only one word is allowed:<br/><table><tr><td><b>sort</b></td><td>Always sorts completion list, overriding the <code class="option">'complete'</code> option.</td></tr></table><br/></td><td class="taglist" valign="top"><code class="tag">'wildoptions'</code><br/><code class="tag">'wop'</code><br/></td></tr></table>

</body>
</html>
